one good way is to have things outside of the work. So, for instance,
if there are morale, recreation and warfare things that you can do together,
um, that would be helpful. Um, one thing that I used to like
to do is like, exercise together, saying, Hey, you know what? This
Friday afternoon, uh, let's put on a PT gear and just, like, run together.
Um, if it's an easy Friday, then let's go out and play some
volleyball together. Um, you don't really have that much opportunity
to do that. Let's say Let's it, let's say if you're underway, then,
um, there aren't any weekends on the beach. So what do you do then?
Well, you have to make sure that the team has enough enough material
outside of the work so that they can actually communicate with each
other. Um, in a friendly way. That means make sure that they have
enough movies. If they if they were complaining about their lunch, making
sure that they're well fed, you know, go talk to the galleys,
remember and say, Hey, you know what? We have this birthday coming up.
Can you bring a birthday cake in Thio to celebrate somebody's, um,
somebody's birthday. You could actually have this award, you know,
before you weren't really considered an award, but saying, Hey, you
know what? Like it would really lift the spirits off the unit, help
somebody with promotion. Let me think of how I can, uh, come up with
an award, you know, make some kind of jobs so that they can get that
award when you wouldn't have thought so. Otherwise. Like, there are
many avenues that you have toe, Um, just not shove work down people's
throats and say, Hey, you know what? Like we're in a team. I know
this place is really long. You're sweating a lot, but let's figure
out something else that you can do toe actually smile once once in
a while.